repository maintance (#22)
jfgodoy/vite-plugin-solid-svg: README.md

### Usage

Import as a Solid.js component:

```tsx
import MyIcon from './my-icon.svg';

> // or './my-icon.svg' if `defaultAsComponent` is `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// or './my-icon.svg?component' if `defaultAsComponent` is `false`
```

Author: I changed `component` to `component-solid`. In my personal case, I need in one project load svg as Astro components in one place, and as Solid components and another. So Vite need to distinguish which plugin to use.
